feat: support additional metrics in MetricPipeline runtime input (#3493)
kyma-project/telemetry-manager: docs/user/collecting-metrics/runtime-input.md

| statefulset | Number of desired, current, and ready Pods                              |
| job         | Counts of active, successful, and failed Pods                           |

> To learn which specific metrics are collected from which source (`kubeletstatsreceiver` or `k8sclusterreceiver`), see [Runtime Metrics](runtime-metrics.md#runtime-metrics).

Reviewer: I don't think we need to mention them here.

```suggestion
To learn which specific metrics are collected from which source, see [Runtime Metrics](runtime-metrics.md#runtime-metrics).
```

## Collect Additional Metrics

> The metric agent can also collect any metric which can be emitted from `kubeletstatsreceiver` or `k8sclusterreceiver`. To enable the collection of any of these metrics, add the desired metrics to the **additionalMetrics** list in the **runtime** input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can collect additional metrics emitted from the `kubeletstatsreceiver` or `k8sclusterreceiver`. To collect them, add the metric names to the **additionalMetrics** list in the **runtime** input.
```

> The following example collects `k8s.pod.memory_request_utilization` metric (from `kubeletstatsreceiver`) and `k8s.container.status.state` metric (from `k8sclusterreceiver`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example collects the metrics `k8s.pod.memory_request_utilization` (from `kubeletstatsreceiver`) and `k8s.container.status.state` (from `k8sclusterreceiver`):
```

  ```yaml
  ...
    input:
      runtime:
        enabled: true
        additionalMetrics:
          - k8s.pod.memory_request_utilization
          - k8s.container.status.state
  ```

> To learn which metrics can be added to the **additionalMetrics** list, see [Runtime Additional Metrics](runtime-metrics.md#runtime-additional-metrics)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn which metrics can be added to the **additionalMetrics** list, see [Runtime Additional Metrics](runtime-metrics.md#runtime-additional-metrics).
```

> Note that the **additionalMetrics** list overrules the **resources** section. For example, you can disable the **pod** metrics in the **runtime** input, but still add a specific pod metric in the **additionalMetrics** list and this metric will be collected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **additionalMetrics** list overrides the `resources` section. For example, if you disable **pod** metrics in the **runtime** input but add a specific Pod metric to the **additionalMetrics** list, that specific metric is still collected.
```
